Add 2025 spring training events (#260)
osg-htc/osg-htc.github.io: _events/2025-05-20-High-Throughput-Bioinformatics.md

---
short_title: OSPool User Training - Adapting Workflows for High Throughput Bioinformatics
title: "OSPool User Training - Adapting Workflows for High Throughput Bioinformatics"
published: true

excerpt: |

>     Sign up for our user training on building containers on Tuesday, May 20!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Sign up for our user training on HTC Bioinformatics on Tuesday, May 20!
```
